She always wanted to be an aerospace engineer.
The problem was their age difference.
Harris compares the Crucifixion to animal sacrifice.
I threw in some marinated artichoke hearts.
He came as an asylum seeker.
Baby oil comes from babies.
Chronic lower back pain is a drag.
How about a back rub?
Don't forget to take the beach umbrella.
I've always had wooden bed frames.
Careful of the beehive.
This bee sting is swelling up.
You're the bee's knees.
The best boy acts as a foreman on the film crew.
She grew up in the Bible Belt.
Look at the humminbird at the bird feeder.
She never had a birth certificate.
Do you want some more birthday cake?
Come to my birthday party.
Here's a birthday present.
He said something about a border wall.
He steals bowling shoes.
Still no resolution on a Brexit deal.
Can you meet me at the bus stop?
Was he a buzz kill?
The key grip is in charge of the camera equipment.
That car accident left her with extensive scar tissue.
Can I show you a card trick?
Hundreds of people showed up for the casting call.
I like your ceiling fan.
I like ceiling fans.
How about some chicken soup.
The judge ordered him to pay child support.
Is that your christmas tree?
I've never eaten clam chowder.
Write to their Classics department.
companion pets need no special training.
A conversation designer.  Of all people!
This cork screw is too high tech for me.
He enjoys being a couch potato.
Is it a crap shoot?
Check out Tom on the dance floor.
That would be a real deal-breaker.
You've been served. Enjoy your divorce papers.
They're happy with the divorce settlement
Did they buy their dream house?
To play YouTube Music in driving mode, you'll need a Premium subscription.
All of her artwork is made out of dryer lint.
That engagement ring belonged to his ex-wife.
What's the expiration date?
They went to a fertility clinic in Nigeria.
Larissa is here on a fiancé visa.
Did the kids enjoy the field trip?
She loved fighter jets as a child.
Aquarius is an air sign, Pisces is a water sign.
They met at a flea market in Orange County.
No, I don't want a foot massage.
Which freeway exit are you off of?
Have you ever heard me play the frying pan?
Now she's in a garage band.
What are golf clubs made out of?
Don't drink grapefruit juice if you're on Lipitor.
Greencard holders are legal residents.
This is the nearest grocery store.
Is it a guilt trip?
Pass me a hamburger bun.
For the wedding in Beirut, Avery wore a sparkly head scarf.
He died of a heart attack.
He died of heart failure.
Did she write about Grandma's home remedies?
So you married a home-wrecker?
Pass me a hotdog roll.
Wednesday is hump day.
Imposter syndrome can lead to burnout.
This incense holder is made of soapstone.
Was there swelling at the injection site?
I never get jet lag.
Fill out this job application.
The key grip is in charge of the camera equipment.
A keyboard tray system is a key component to your ergonomic workstation.
How was your kidney transplant?
Did you wash it in the kitchen sink?
Never wear white after labor day.
Is she a Laker girl?
My brother works in a law office.
The leasing office smelled bad.
They hired a lip reader.
No liquor stores in Qatar.
Is that a lithium battery?  No lithium batteries allowed on board.
Please, only one cat per litter box.
Cirrhosis is a liver disease.
It smells of men's locker room.
It must be some sort of magic spell.
Fired from Google, now he's a budtender at a San Jose marijuana dispensary.
He's incapable of a marriage proposal.
This is the master bedroom.
Caesar sent another money order to Maria.
You sold my motorcycle jacket?
The trash was left by mountain climbers.
Hand me the movie reviews.
Do they have wicker furniture at nudist colonies?
I miss the Obama administration.
OLIVE OIL comes from olives.
I want a paper shredder for my birthday.
Did she leave an incriminating PAPER TRAIL?
The parking lot is full.
Don't be such a party pooper.
They didn't accept his peace offering.
Can you pass me the peace pipe?
No, Pastor, it's not a broken cross. It's a peace symbol.
Performance reviews are stressful, time-consuming, and often meaningless.
Where's the permission slip?
Where did you find this picture frame?
It's a movie about a pill popper.
I found out during pillow talk
Pipe cleaners are also called "chenille stems."
Just be sure to put on your poker face.
Pole dancing offers numerous health benefits.
Are you going to her pool party in the Hamptons?
Pool tables aren't made for that sort of thing.
He lost his front teeth in a prison riot.
The program notes were dull.
I'm testing the pronunciation patterns of compound nouns.
I couldn't find that radio station.
Can I take a rain check?
Range Rover is made by Land Rover.
What about recess time for adults.
Can I see your report card?
Look at his ring finger.
Love is a roller coaster.
I love rubber stamps.
Can I get that on rye bread?
Suffice it to say, there were safety issues.
Did you put it in a salad bowl?
In Delaware, what's the sales tax?
Put a grain of rice in your salt shaker.
No more satisfaction surveys, please.
That car accident left her with extensive scar tissue.
School buses nauseate me.
Not all sex offenders are registered.
That department is a shark tank.
Add birthday cake to the shopping list.
Just a side order.
You need a wet blanket to make smoke signals.
That soccer mom is also a piano teacher.
The soup spoon is too big for baby's mouth.
The space suit had no fly.
Rudolph Giuliani gives speech impediments a bad name.
You need a steak knife to cut that, not a butter knife.
Be my sugar daddy.
Lack of a support system can lead to stress.
The table read went well.
Have you filed your tax return?
He's a team player.
Is Dad wearing a toe ring?
Can you pick up some toilet paper?
Then I saw him in a touring production of Top Hat.
In New York, they're called traffic circles.
Take off the training wheels.
Did Trump declare a travel ban?
Treasure chests and pirate-lore.
Start the visa process.
Sign up for one of our volunteer programs.
There's offensive literature in the waiting room.
Are it's a war zone?
That wedding dress didn't fit her right.
Has there been any unexplained weight loss?
Don't be a wet blanket.
Window shopping can be such a tease.
Can you pass me that wine list?
Cuban nasals are velarized before a word boundary.
Are you having work dreams?
You're supposed to yield at the yield sign.
I have my auto insurance with Geico.
Leave the kid in the car seat.
Eric's still paying child support.
I'm on a conference call.
You'd lose weight if you stopped with the raw cookie dough before bedtime.
She exaggerates her cooking skills.
Where is the dressing room?
The exit route was blocked.
How to transfer a vehicle between family members.
Get the hockey puck out of here.
Folks like us have more life experience.
I sleep better with my night guard.
He works the night shift.
Looks like poison ivy.
I need to go to the post office.
His Tinder account was the first red flag.
He's obviously having relationship issues.
Yes, I've heard about your sex drive.
He's a real shrinking violet a parties.
A balaclava is a ski mask.
They went sofa shopping, but couldn't agree.
I'll be at a team dinner tonight.
Katy Perry sings "Teenage Dream."
Grab your tennis racket.
I missed all the warning signs.
To play YouTube Music in the assistant driving mode, you'll need a Premium subscription.
Whoever invented the automatic soap dispenser should be punished.
Meet me at the baggage claim area.
His decision-making skills need work.
I recommend finding an experienced estate planning lawyer.
Are you going to April's going-away party?
They engaged in a heated French-language philosophy argument.
You can use Google Play Music instead.
She got her start on Broadway as a hat-check clerk.
As much fun as hip replacement surgery.
I invited him to a 20-minute mindfulness meditation session.
I invited him to a 20-minute mindfulness meditation sit.
I spotted another Mountain View library web page typo.
Meet Mr. Potato Head.
Acetone is basically nail polish remover.
I got a tattoo of a New York City subway map.
That was an Obama-era policty.
I have a rubber stamp collection.
I need your Social Security Number.
Are you going to April's virtual reality party?
Grab me a couple of sheets of A4 when you visit the London office.
Please welcome Academy Award winning actress, Meryl Streep!
This is a list of my all-time favorite compounds.
Anti-war protests continued to rage in the capital.
I'm bequeathing all my artwork to the Brown University Department of Portuguese and Brazilian Studies.
Sadly, Christian Bible Distributors own cbd.com.
The civil rights movement was an unprecedented journey for equality.
Matt invited Tom to a colorectal cancer benefit.
The Fundamentalists have called for a ban on devil's food cake.
She can't even make a grilled cheese sandwich.
They had a hair-dying party last night.
High-speed rail is public transport by rail at speeds of at least 200 km/h.
The former Intel component repair technician is now homeless.
Your fans wonder why you and your mom have a joint bank account.
He's using a language-learning app to pick up some Arabic.
It's hard to make a long-distance relationship work.
Tasha called Leida a mail-order bride
They never give enough pancakes with the moo shoo pork.
I can't believe you just made a Peter-Pan reference.
This pineapple-upside-down cake is so moist.
A Bees Knees is a Prohibition Era cocktail made with Gin, fresh lemon juice, and honey.
They met at a rape prevention task force benefit.
I wasn't impressed with the red-light district.
Does Haitian Creole belong to the Romance-language family?
The governor spoke about the senior homelessness crisis.
It was kind of like a sink-or-swim situation.
Meet me by the soft-serve ice cream machine.
I'd love to do stand-up comedy.
You should hear my grandmother's stand-up routine
Merv Griffin was a famous talk-show host.
Take your Vitamin B complex when you wake up.
Noom is a cognitive-behavioral weight-loss program.
His soon-to-be bride.
The outlook is none too good.
No excuses. You're coming to happy hour.
You can listen to NPR on your smart speaker.
This is the key to the back door.
An increase in dead-on-arrival cases.
He doesn't fist-bump.
Land Rover is a brand of four-wheel drive car.
The "Good Cop/Bad Cop" routine is also called Mutt And Jeff or Friend-And-Foe.
Hearts of palm are called palmitos in Brazil.
It's about a man hen-pecked by his wife.
They're trying in-vitro fertilization.
I've been lactose intolerant since my 30s.
You need to take the long view, career-wise.
Never-before-seen footage
This documentery includes never-before-seen footage.
I might bring a plus-one.
Rum and cokes make me sick to my stomach.
Ask one of your so-called experts.
He owns a strip club in Lodi.
That's unheard of.
She has her ups-and-downs
The meeting with his would-be father-in-law didn't go well.
They are a couple of has-beens.
Under the house is a maze-like set of tunnels.
Austrians routinely claim that the boom-and-bust business cycle is almost always caused by government intervention.
I am look for diet cat food.
Golden State Warriors superstar Kevin Durant acknowledged one of the hard truths about his team's up-and-down season.
Wu Tang Shaolin versus Old Dirty Bastard is a rap battle I would watch.
There are thirteen natural gas power plants.
Where do you find traditional and live action role playing games in the espionage genre.
Rupert Murdoch is the eighty four year old chief executive of Twenty First Century Fox.
Qantas flight 931 flies between Charles De Gaulle and Beijing's International Airport.
He serves on the board of trustees of Middlebury College and New York Presbyterian hospita.
Courtney Love didn't realize we actually show screenings of the movie Mean Girls Two.
Shall we do the Charlie Chaplin or the Put A Ring On It?
